# OpenAPI\Client\TransactionApi

All URIs are relative to https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1.

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**getTransactionSummary()**](TransactionApi.md#getTransactionSummary) | **GET** /transaction_summary | 
[**getTransactions()**](TransactionApi.md#getTransactions) | **GET** /transaction | 


## `getTransactionSummary()`

```php
getTransactionSummary($filter): \OpenAPI\Client\Model\TransactionSummaryResponse
```



This method is used to retrieve cumulative values for five types of monetary transactions (order sales, seller credits, buyer refunds, buyer-initiated payment disputes, eBay shipping label purchases, and transfers). If applicable, the number of payment holds and the amount of the holds are also returned. See the description for the filter query parameter for more information on the available filters. Note: Unless the transactionType filter is used to retrieve a specific type of monetary transaction (sale, buyer refund, seller credit, payment dispute, shipping label, transfer), the creditCount and creditAmount response fields account for both order sales and seller credits (the count and value is not distinguished between the two monetary transaction types).

### Example

```php
<?php
require_once(__DIR__ . '/vendor/autoload.php');


// Configure OAuth2 access token for authorization: api_auth
$config = OpenAPI\Client\Configuration::getDefaultConfiguration()->setAccessToken('YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN');


$apiInstance = new OpenAPI\Client\Api\TransactionApi(
    // If you want use custom http client, pass your client which implements `GuzzleHttp\ClientInterface`.
    // This is optional, `GuzzleHttp\Client` will be used as default.
    new GuzzleHttp\Client(),
    $config
);
$filter = 'filter_example'; // string | Numerous filters are available for the getTransactionSummary method, and these filters are discussed below. One or more of these filter types can be used. The transactionStatus filter must be used. All other filters are optional. transactionStatus: the data returned in the response pertains to the sales, payouts, and transfer status set. The supported transactionStatus values are as follows: PAYOUT: only consider monetary transactions where the proceeds from the sales order(s) have been paid out to the seller's bank account. FUNDS_PROCESSING: only consider monetary transactions where the proceeds from the sales order(s) are currently being processed. FUNDS_AVAILABLE_FOR_PAYOUT: only consider monetary transactions where the proceeds from the sales order(s) are available for a seller payout, but processing has not yet begun. FUNDS_ON_HOLD: only consider monetary transactions where the proceeds from the sales order(s) are currently being held by eBay, and are not yet available for a seller payout. COMPLETED: this indicates that the funds for the corresponding TRANSFER monetary transaction have transferred and the transaction has completed. FAILED: this indicates the process has failed for the corresponding TRANSFER monetary transaction. Below is the proper syntax to use when setting up the transactionStatus filter: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction_summary?filter=transactionStatus:{PAYOUT} transactionDate: only consider monetary transactions that occurred within a specific range of dates. Note: All dates must be input using UTC format (YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSSZ) and should be adjusted accordingly for the local timezone of the user. Below is the proper syntax to use if filtering by a date range: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction_summary?filter=transactionDate:[2018-10-23T00:00:01.000Z..2018-11-09T00:00:01.000Z] Alternatively, the user could omit the ending date, and the date range would include the starting date and up to 90 days past that date, or the current date if the starting date is less than 90 days in the past. transactionType: only consider a specific type of monetary transaction. The supported transactionType values are as follows: SALE: a sales order. REFUND: a refund to the buyer after an order cancellation or return. CREDIT: a credit issued by eBay to the seller's account. DISPUTE: a monetary transaction associated with a payment dispute between buyer and seller. NON_SALE_CHARGE: a monetary transaction involving a seller transferring money to eBay for the balance of a charge for NON_SALE_CHARGE transactions (transactions that contain non-transactional seller fees). These can include a one-time payment, monthly/yearly subscription fees charged monthly, NRC charges, and fee credits. SHIPPING_LABEL: a monetary transaction where eBay is billing the seller for an eBay shipping label. Note that the shipping label functionality will initially only be available to a select number of sellers. TRANSFER: A transfer is a monetary transaction where eBay is billing the seller for reimbursement of a charge. An example of a transfer is a seller reimbursing eBay for a buyer refund.Below is the proper syntax to use if filtering by a monetary transaction type: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction_summary?filter=transactionType:{SALE} buyerUsername: only consider monetary transactions involving a specific buyer (specified with the buyer's eBay user ID). Below is the proper syntax to use if filtering by a specific eBay buyer: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction_summary?filter=buyerUsername:{buyer1234} salesRecordReference: only consider monetary transactions corresponding to a specific order (identified with a Selling Manager order identifier). Below is the proper syntax to use if filtering by a specific Selling Manager Sales Record ID: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction_summary?filter=salesRecordReference:{123} Note: For all orders originating after February 1, 2020, a value of 0 will be returned in the salesRecordReference field. So, this filter will only be useful to retrieve orders than occurred before this date. payoutId: only consider monetary transactions related to a specific seller payout (identified with a Payout ID). This value is auto-generated by eBay once the seller payout is set to be processed. Below is the proper syntax to use if filtering by a specific Payout ID: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction_summary?filter=payoutId:{5000106638} transactionId: the unique identifier of a monetary transaction. For a sales order, the orderId filter should be used instead. Only the monetary transaction(s) associated with this transactionId value are returned. Note: This filter cannot be used alone; the transactionType must also be specified when filtering by transaction ID. Below is the proper syntax to use if filtering by a specific transaction ID: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction_summary?filter=transactionId:{03-03620-33763}&amp;filter=transactionType:{SALE} orderId: the unique identifier of a sales order. For any other monetary transaction, the transactionId filter should be used instead. Only the monetary transaction(s) associated with this orderId value are returned. Below is the proper syntax to use if filtering by a specific order ID: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction_summary?filter=orderId:{03-03620-33763} For implementation help, refer to eBay API documentation at https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/finances/types/cos:FilterField

try {
    $result = $apiInstance->getTransactionSummary($filter);
    print_r($result);
} catch (Exception $e) {
    echo 'Exception when calling TransactionApi->getTransactionSummary: ', $e->getMessage(), PHP_EOL;
}
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **filter** | **string**| Numerous filters are available for the getTransactionSummary method, and these filters are discussed below. One or more of these filter types can be used. The transactionStatus filter must be used. All other filters are optional. transactionStatus: the data returned in the response pertains to the sales, payouts, and transfer status set. The supported transactionStatus values are as follows: PAYOUT: only consider monetary transactions where the proceeds from the sales order(s) have been paid out to the seller&#39;s bank account. FUNDS_PROCESSING: only consider monetary transactions where the proceeds from the sales order(s) are currently being processed. FUNDS_AVAILABLE_FOR_PAYOUT: only consider monetary transactions where the proceeds from the sales order(s) are available for a seller payout, but processing has not yet begun. FUNDS_ON_HOLD: only consider monetary transactions where the proceeds from the sales order(s) are currently being held by eBay, and are not yet available for a seller payout. COMPLETED: this indicates that the funds for the corresponding TRANSFER monetary transaction have transferred and the transaction has completed. FAILED: this indicates the process has failed for the corresponding TRANSFER monetary transaction. Below is the proper syntax to use when setting up the transactionStatus filter: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction_summary?filter&#x3D;transactionStatus:{PAYOUT} transactionDate: only consider monetary transactions that occurred within a specific range of dates. Note: All dates must be input using UTC format (YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSSZ) and should be adjusted accordingly for the local timezone of the user. Below is the proper syntax to use if filtering by a date range: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction_summary?filter&#x3D;transactionDate:[2018-10-23T00:00:01.000Z..2018-11-09T00:00:01.000Z] Alternatively, the user could omit the ending date, and the date range would include the starting date and up to 90 days past that date, or the current date if the starting date is less than 90 days in the past. transactionType: only consider a specific type of monetary transaction. The supported transactionType values are as follows: SALE: a sales order. REFUND: a refund to the buyer after an order cancellation or return. CREDIT: a credit issued by eBay to the seller&#39;s account. DISPUTE: a monetary transaction associated with a payment dispute between buyer and seller. NON_SALE_CHARGE: a monetary transaction involving a seller transferring money to eBay for the balance of a charge for NON_SALE_CHARGE transactions (transactions that contain non-transactional seller fees). These can include a one-time payment, monthly/yearly subscription fees charged monthly, NRC charges, and fee credits. SHIPPING_LABEL: a monetary transaction where eBay is billing the seller for an eBay shipping label. Note that the shipping label functionality will initially only be available to a select number of sellers. TRANSFER: A transfer is a monetary transaction where eBay is billing the seller for reimbursement of a charge. An example of a transfer is a seller reimbursing eBay for a buyer refund.Below is the proper syntax to use if filtering by a monetary transaction type: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction_summary?filter&#x3D;transactionType:{SALE} buyerUsername: only consider monetary transactions involving a specific buyer (specified with the buyer&#39;s eBay user ID). Below is the proper syntax to use if filtering by a specific eBay buyer: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction_summary?filter&#x3D;buyerUsername:{buyer1234} salesRecordReference: only consider monetary transactions corresponding to a specific order (identified with a Selling Manager order identifier). Below is the proper syntax to use if filtering by a specific Selling Manager Sales Record ID: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction_summary?filter&#x3D;salesRecordReference:{123} Note: For all orders originating after February 1, 2020, a value of 0 will be returned in the salesRecordReference field. So, this filter will only be useful to retrieve orders than occurred before this date. payoutId: only consider monetary transactions related to a specific seller payout (identified with a Payout ID). This value is auto-generated by eBay once the seller payout is set to be processed. Below is the proper syntax to use if filtering by a specific Payout ID: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction_summary?filter&#x3D;payoutId:{5000106638} transactionId: the unique identifier of a monetary transaction. For a sales order, the orderId filter should be used instead. Only the monetary transaction(s) associated with this transactionId value are returned. Note: This filter cannot be used alone; the transactionType must also be specified when filtering by transaction ID. Below is the proper syntax to use if filtering by a specific transaction ID: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction_summary?filter&#x3D;transactionId:{03-03620-33763}&amp;amp;filter&#x3D;transactionType:{SALE} orderId: the unique identifier of a sales order. For any other monetary transaction, the transactionId filter should be used instead. Only the monetary transaction(s) associated with this orderId value are returned. Below is the proper syntax to use if filtering by a specific order ID: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction_summary?filter&#x3D;orderId:{03-03620-33763} For implementation help, refer to eBay API documentation at https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/finances/types/cos:FilterField | [optional]

### Return type

[**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\TransactionSummaryResponse**](../Model/TransactionSummaryResponse.md)

### Authorization

[api_auth](../../README.md#api_auth)

### HTTP request headers

- **Content-Type**: Not defined
- **Accept**: `application/json`

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints)
[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models)
[[Back to README]](../../README.md)

## `getTransactions()`

```php
getTransactions($filter, $sort, $limit, $offset): \OpenAPI\Client\Model\Transactions
```



This method allows a seller to retrieve one or monetary transactions. In this case, 'monetary transactions' include sales orders, buyer refunds, seller credits, buyer-initiated payment disputes, eBay shipping label purchases, and transfers. There are numerous input filters available for use, including filters to retrieve specific types of monetary transactions, to retrieve monetary transactions processed within a specific date range, or to retrieve monetary transactions in a specific state. See the filter field for more information on each filter, and how each one is used. There are also pagination and sort query parameters that allow users to further control the monetary transactions that are returned in the response. If no monetary transactions match the input criteria, an http status code of 204 No Content is returned with no response payload.

### Example

```php
<?php
require_once(__DIR__ . '/vendor/autoload.php');


// Configure OAuth2 access token for authorization: api_auth
$config = OpenAPI\Client\Configuration::getDefaultConfiguration()->setAccessToken('YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN');


$apiInstance = new OpenAPI\Client\Api\TransactionApi(
    // If you want use custom http client, pass your client which implements `GuzzleHttp\ClientInterface`.
    // This is optional, `GuzzleHttp\Client` will be used as default.
    new GuzzleHttp\Client(),
    $config
);
$filter = 'filter_example'; // string | Numerous filters are available for the getTransactions method, and these filters are discussed below. One or more of these filter types can be used. If none of these filters are used, all monetary transactions from the last 90 days are returned: transactionDate: search for monetary transactions that occurred within a specific range of dates. Note: All dates must be input using UTC format (YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSSZ) and should be adjusted accordingly for the local timezone of the user. Below is the proper syntax to use if filtering by a date range: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction?filter=transactionDate:[2018-10-23T00:00:01.000Z..2018-11-09T00:00:01.000Z] Alternatively, the user could omit the ending date, and the date range would include the starting date and up to 90 days past that date, or the current date if the starting date is less than 90 days in the past. transactionType: search for a specific type of monetary transaction. The supported transactionType values are as follows: SALE: a sales order. REFUND: a refund to the buyer after an order cancellation or return. CREDIT: a credit issued by eBay to the seller's account. DISPUTE: a monetary transaction associated with a payment dispute between buyer and seller. NON_SALE_CHARGE: a monetary transaction involving a seller transferring money to eBay for the balance of a charge for NON_SALE_CHARGE transactions (transactions that contain non-transactional seller fees). These can include a one-time payment, monthly/yearly subscription fees charged monthly, NRC charges, and fee credits. SHIPPING_LABEL: a monetary transaction where eBay is billing the seller for an eBay shipping label. Note that the shipping label functionality will initially only be available to a select number of sellers. TRANSFER: A transfer is a monetary transaction where eBay is billing the seller for reimbursement of a charge. An example of a transfer is a seller reimbursing eBay for a buyer refund.Below is the proper syntax to use if filtering by a monetary transaction type: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction?filter=transactionType:{SALE} transactionStatus: this filter type is only applicable for sales orders, and allows the user to filter seller payouts in a particular state. The supported transactionStatus values are as follows: PAYOUT: this indicates that the proceeds from the corresponding sales order has been paid out to the seller's account. FUNDS_PROCESSING: this indicates that the funds for the corresponding monetary transaction are currently being processed. FUNDS_AVAILABLE_FOR_PAYOUT: this indicates that the proceeds from the corresponding sales order are available for a seller payout, but processing has not yet begun. FUNDS_ON_HOLD: this indicates that the proceeds from the corresponding sales order are currently being held by eBay, and are not yet available for a seller payout. COMPLETED: this indicates that the funds for the corresponding TRANSFER monetary transaction have transferred and the transaction has completed. FAILED: this indicates the process has failed for the corresponding TRANSFER monetary transaction. Below is the proper syntax to use if filtering by transaction status: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction?filter=transactionStatus:{PAYOUT} buyerUsername: the eBay user ID of the buyer involved in the monetary transaction. Only monetary transactions involving this buyer are returned. Below is the proper syntax to use if filtering by a specific eBay buyer: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction?filter=buyerUsername:{buyer1234} salesRecordReference: the unique Selling Manager identifier of the order involved in the monetary transaction. Only monetary transactions involving this Selling Manager Sales Record ID are returned. Below is the proper syntax to use if filtering by a specific Selling Manager Sales Record ID: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction?filter=salesRecordReference:{123} Note: For all orders originating after February 1, 2020, a value of 0 will be returned in the salesRecordReference field. So, this filter will only be useful to retrieve orders than occurred before this date. payoutId: the unique identifier of a seller payout. This value is auto-generated by eBay once the seller payout is set to be processed. Only monetary transactions involving this Payout ID are returned. Below is the proper syntax to use if filtering by a specific Payout ID: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction?filter=payoutId:{5000106638} transactionId: the unique identifier of a monetary transaction. For a sales order, the orderId filter should be used instead. Only the monetary transaction defined by the identifier is returned. Note: This filter cannot be used alone; the transactionType must also be specified when filtering by transaction ID. Below is the proper syntax to use if filtering by a specific transaction ID: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction?filter=transactionId:{03-03620-33763}&amp;filter=transactionType:{SALE} orderId: the unique identifier of a sales order. For any other monetary transaction, the transactionId filter should be used instead. Only the sales order defined by the identifier is returned. Below is the proper syntax to use if filtering by a specific order ID: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction?filter=orderId:{03-03620-33763} For implementation help, refer to eBay API documentation at https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/finances/types/cos:FilterField
$sort = 'sort_example'; // string | Sorting is not yet available for the getTransactions method. By default, monetary transactions that match the input criteria are sorted in descending order according to the transaction date. For implementation help, refer to eBay API documentation at https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/finances/types/cos:SortField
$limit = 'limit_example'; // string | The number of monetary transactions to return per page of the result set. Use this parameter in conjunction with the offset parameter to control the pagination of the output. For example, if offset is set to 10 and limit is set to 10, the method retrieves monetary transactions 11 thru 20 from the result set. Note: This feature employs a zero-based list, where the first item in the list has an offset of 0. If an orderId, transactionId, or payoutId filter is included in the request, any limit value will be ignored. Maximum: 1000 Default: 20
$offset = 'offset_example'; // string | This integer value indicates the actual position that the first monetary transaction returned on the current page has in the results set. So, if you wanted to view the 11th monetary transaction of the result set, you would set the offset value in the request to 10. In the request, you can use the offset parameter in conjunction with the limit parameter to control the pagination of the output. For example, if offset is set to 30 and limit is set to 10, the method retrieves transactions 31 thru 40 from the resulting collection of transactions. Note: This feature employs a zero-based list, where the first item in the list has an offset of 0. Default: 0 (zero)

try {
    $result = $apiInstance->getTransactions($filter, $sort, $limit, $offset);
    print_r($result);
} catch (Exception $e) {
    echo 'Exception when calling TransactionApi->getTransactions: ', $e->getMessage(), PHP_EOL;
}
```

### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **filter** | **string**| Numerous filters are available for the getTransactions method, and these filters are discussed below. One or more of these filter types can be used. If none of these filters are used, all monetary transactions from the last 90 days are returned: transactionDate: search for monetary transactions that occurred within a specific range of dates. Note: All dates must be input using UTC format (YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.SSSZ) and should be adjusted accordingly for the local timezone of the user. Below is the proper syntax to use if filtering by a date range: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction?filter&#x3D;transactionDate:[2018-10-23T00:00:01.000Z..2018-11-09T00:00:01.000Z] Alternatively, the user could omit the ending date, and the date range would include the starting date and up to 90 days past that date, or the current date if the starting date is less than 90 days in the past. transactionType: search for a specific type of monetary transaction. The supported transactionType values are as follows: SALE: a sales order. REFUND: a refund to the buyer after an order cancellation or return. CREDIT: a credit issued by eBay to the seller&#39;s account. DISPUTE: a monetary transaction associated with a payment dispute between buyer and seller. NON_SALE_CHARGE: a monetary transaction involving a seller transferring money to eBay for the balance of a charge for NON_SALE_CHARGE transactions (transactions that contain non-transactional seller fees). These can include a one-time payment, monthly/yearly subscription fees charged monthly, NRC charges, and fee credits. SHIPPING_LABEL: a monetary transaction where eBay is billing the seller for an eBay shipping label. Note that the shipping label functionality will initially only be available to a select number of sellers. TRANSFER: A transfer is a monetary transaction where eBay is billing the seller for reimbursement of a charge. An example of a transfer is a seller reimbursing eBay for a buyer refund.Below is the proper syntax to use if filtering by a monetary transaction type: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction?filter&#x3D;transactionType:{SALE} transactionStatus: this filter type is only applicable for sales orders, and allows the user to filter seller payouts in a particular state. The supported transactionStatus values are as follows: PAYOUT: this indicates that the proceeds from the corresponding sales order has been paid out to the seller&#39;s account. FUNDS_PROCESSING: this indicates that the funds for the corresponding monetary transaction are currently being processed. FUNDS_AVAILABLE_FOR_PAYOUT: this indicates that the proceeds from the corresponding sales order are available for a seller payout, but processing has not yet begun. FUNDS_ON_HOLD: this indicates that the proceeds from the corresponding sales order are currently being held by eBay, and are not yet available for a seller payout. COMPLETED: this indicates that the funds for the corresponding TRANSFER monetary transaction have transferred and the transaction has completed. FAILED: this indicates the process has failed for the corresponding TRANSFER monetary transaction. Below is the proper syntax to use if filtering by transaction status: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction?filter&#x3D;transactionStatus:{PAYOUT} buyerUsername: the eBay user ID of the buyer involved in the monetary transaction. Only monetary transactions involving this buyer are returned. Below is the proper syntax to use if filtering by a specific eBay buyer: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction?filter&#x3D;buyerUsername:{buyer1234} salesRecordReference: the unique Selling Manager identifier of the order involved in the monetary transaction. Only monetary transactions involving this Selling Manager Sales Record ID are returned. Below is the proper syntax to use if filtering by a specific Selling Manager Sales Record ID: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction?filter&#x3D;salesRecordReference:{123} Note: For all orders originating after February 1, 2020, a value of 0 will be returned in the salesRecordReference field. So, this filter will only be useful to retrieve orders than occurred before this date. payoutId: the unique identifier of a seller payout. This value is auto-generated by eBay once the seller payout is set to be processed. Only monetary transactions involving this Payout ID are returned. Below is the proper syntax to use if filtering by a specific Payout ID: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction?filter&#x3D;payoutId:{5000106638} transactionId: the unique identifier of a monetary transaction. For a sales order, the orderId filter should be used instead. Only the monetary transaction defined by the identifier is returned. Note: This filter cannot be used alone; the transactionType must also be specified when filtering by transaction ID. Below is the proper syntax to use if filtering by a specific transaction ID: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction?filter&#x3D;transactionId:{03-03620-33763}&amp;amp;filter&#x3D;transactionType:{SALE} orderId: the unique identifier of a sales order. For any other monetary transaction, the transactionId filter should be used instead. Only the sales order defined by the identifier is returned. Below is the proper syntax to use if filtering by a specific order ID: https://apiz.ebay.com/sell/finances/v1/transaction?filter&#x3D;orderId:{03-03620-33763} For implementation help, refer to eBay API documentation at https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/finances/types/cos:FilterField | [optional]
 **sort** | **string**| Sorting is not yet available for the getTransactions method. By default, monetary transactions that match the input criteria are sorted in descending order according to the transaction date. For implementation help, refer to eBay API documentation at https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/finances/types/cos:SortField | [optional]
 **limit** | **string**| The number of monetary transactions to return per page of the result set. Use this parameter in conjunction with the offset parameter to control the pagination of the output. For example, if offset is set to 10 and limit is set to 10, the method retrieves monetary transactions 11 thru 20 from the result set. Note: This feature employs a zero-based list, where the first item in the list has an offset of 0. If an orderId, transactionId, or payoutId filter is included in the request, any limit value will be ignored. Maximum: 1000 Default: 20 | [optional]
 **offset** | **string**| This integer value indicates the actual position that the first monetary transaction returned on the current page has in the results set. So, if you wanted to view the 11th monetary transaction of the result set, you would set the offset value in the request to 10. In the request, you can use the offset parameter in conjunction with the limit parameter to control the pagination of the output. For example, if offset is set to 30 and limit is set to 10, the method retrieves transactions 31 thru 40 from the resulting collection of transactions. Note: This feature employs a zero-based list, where the first item in the list has an offset of 0. Default: 0 (zero) | [optional]

### Return type

[**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\Transactions**](../Model/Transactions.md)

### Authorization

[api_auth](../../README.md#api_auth)

### HTTP request headers

- **Content-Type**: Not defined
- **Accept**: `application/json`

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints)
[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models)
[[Back to README]](../../README.md)
